terraform-modules/aws/s3/bucket/README.md, before:

# s3_bucket
Create an S3 bucket:
* Versioning
* Encryption
* Logging
* HTTPS access only

## HTTPS access only
This is a Prowler finding and cloud help with other compliancy.  This will set the bucket
to accept HTTPS requests only.

```
var.policy = {
    "Id": "ExamplePolicy",
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
      {
        "Sid": "AllowSSLRequestsOnly",
        "Action": "s3:*",
        "Effect": "Deny",
        "Resource": [
          "arn:aws:s3:::${bucket_name}",
          "arn:aws:s3:::${bucket_name}/*"
        ],
        "Condition": {
          "Bool": {
            "aws:SecureTransport": "false"
          }
        },
        "Principal": "*"
      }
    ]
  }
```

## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | n/a |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_kms_key.kms_key](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/kms_key) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket.bucket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_policy.bucket_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_policy) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.acl](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_public_access_block) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_server_side_encryption_configuration.encryption_config](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_server_side_encryption_configuration) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_aws_region"></a> [aws\_region](#input\_aws\_region) | n/a | `string` | `"us-east-1"` | no |
| <a name="input_block_public_acls"></a> [block\_public\_acls](#input\_block\_public\_acls) | Whether Amazon S3 should block public ACLs for this bucket. | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_block_public_policy"></a> [block\_public\_policy](#input\_block\_public\_policy) | Whether Amazon S3 should block public bucket policies for this bucket. | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_bucket"></a> [bucket](#input\_bucket) | The name of the bucket. If omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique name. Must be less than or equal to 63 characters in length. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_deletion_window_in_days"></a> [deletion\_window\_in\_days](#input\_deletion\_window\_in\_days) | (Optional) The waiting period, specified in number of days. After the waiting period ends, AWS KMS deletes the KMS key. | `number` | `10` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_key_rotation"></a> [enable\_key\_rotation](#input\_enable\_key\_rotation) | (Optional) Specifies whether key rotation is enabled. Defaults to false. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_ignore_public_acls"></a> [ignore\_public\_acls](#input\_ignore\_public\_acls) | Whether Amazon S3 should ignore public ACLs for this bucket. | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_policy"></a> [policy](#input\_policy) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_restrict_public_buckets"></a> [restrict\_public\_buckets](#input\_restrict\_public\_buckets) | Whether Amazon S3 should restrict public bucket policies for this bucket. | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to assign to the bucket. If configured with a provider default\_tags configuration block present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level. | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_bucket_domain_name"></a> [bucket\_domain\_name](#output\_bucket\_domain\_name) | n/a |
| <a name="output_bucket_id"></a> [bucket\_id](#output\_bucket\_id) | The ID of the bucket |

Commit message:

Recover readme and add more field in s3 bucket (#423)

terraform-modules/aws/s3/bucket/README.md, after:

# s3_bucket
Create an S3 bucket:
* Versioning
* Encryption
* Logging
* HTTPS access only

## HTTPS access only
This is a Prowler finding and cloud help with other compliancy.  This will set the bucket
to accept HTTPS requests only.

```
var.policy = {
    "Id": "ExamplePolicy",
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
      {
        "Sid": "AllowSSLRequestsOnly",
        "Action": "s3:*",
        "Effect": "Deny",
        "Resource": [
          "arn:aws:s3:::${bucket_name}",
          "arn:aws:s3:::${bucket_name}/*"
        ],
        "Condition": {
          "Bool": {
            "aws:SecureTransport": "false"
          }
        },
        "Principal": "*"
      }
    ]
  }
```
## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | n/a |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_kms_key.kms_key](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/kms_key) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket.bucket](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_logging.logging](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_logging) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_ownership_controls.bucket_ownership_controls](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_ownership_controls) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_policy.bucket_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_policy) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_public_access_block.acl](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_public_access_block) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_server_side_encryption_configuration.encryption_config](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_server_side_encryption_configuration) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_versioning.versioning](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_versioning) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_aws_region"></a> [aws\_region](#input\_aws\_region) | n/a | `string` | `"us-east-1"` | no |
| <a name="input_block_public_acls"></a> [block\_public\_acls](#input\_block\_public\_acls) | Whether Amazon S3 should block public ACLs for this bucket. | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_block_public_policy"></a> [block\_public\_policy](#input\_block\_public\_policy) | Whether Amazon S3 should block public bucket policies for this bucket. | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_bucket"></a> [bucket](#input\_bucket) | The name of the bucket. If omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique name. Must be less than or equal to 63 characters in length. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_bucket_ownership_controls_rule"></a> [bucket\_ownership\_controls\_rule](#input\_bucket\_ownership\_controls\_rule) | It's compliance rule that helps ensure the ownership of Amazon S3 buckets is set to the correct AWS account or AWS account within the same organization. values (BucketOwnerPreferred, ObjectWriter or BucketOwnerEnforced) | `string` | `"BucketOwnerEnforced"` | no |
| <a name="input_deletion_window_in_days"></a> [deletion\_window\_in\_days](#input\_deletion\_window\_in\_days) | (Optional) The waiting period, specified in number of days. After the waiting period ends, AWS KMS deletes the KMS key. | `number` | `10` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_bucket_owner_enforced"></a> [enable\_bucket\_owner\_enforced](#input\_enable\_bucket\_owner\_enforced) | BucketOwnerEnforced choice of object ownership, which is used to disable ACL-s. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_key_rotation"></a> [enable\_key\_rotation](#input\_enable\_key\_rotation) | (Optional) Specifies whether key rotation is enabled. Defaults to false. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_logging"></a> [enable\_logging](#input\_enable\_logging) | Enable S3 logging | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_versioning"></a> [enable\_versioning](#input\_enable\_versioning) | Enable S3 versioning | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_ignore_public_acls"></a> [ignore\_public\_acls](#input\_ignore\_public\_acls) | Whether Amazon S3 should ignore public ACLs for this bucket. | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_logging_bucket_name"></a> [logging\_bucket\_name](#input\_logging\_bucket\_name) | (Required) The name of the bucket where you want Amazon S3 to store server access logs.  Could be the same as the bucket name. | `string` | `"can-be-the-same-as-the-bucket-name"` | no |
| <a name="input_logging_bucket_prefix"></a> [logging\_bucket\_prefix](#input\_logging\_bucket\_prefix) | The prefix to add to the logs | `string` | `"s3-log/"` | no |
| <a name="input_policy"></a> [policy](#input\_policy) | n/a | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_restrict_public_buckets"></a> [restrict\_public\_buckets](#input\_restrict\_public\_buckets) | Whether Amazon S3 should restrict public bucket policies for this bucket. | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to assign to the bucket. If configured with a provider default\_tags configuration block present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level. | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_versioning"></a> [versioning](#input\_versioning) | (Required) The versioning state of the bucket. Valid values: Enabled, Suspended, or Disabled. Disabled should only be used when creating or importing resources that correspond to unversioned S3 buckets. | `string` | `"Enabled"` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_bucket_domain_name"></a> [bucket\_domain\_name](#output\_bucket\_domain\_name) | n/a |
| <a name="output_bucket_id"></a> [bucket\_id](#output\_bucket\_id) | The ID of the bucket |
