terraform-modules/azure/kubernetes/external-secrets/README.md, before:

#  kubernetes-external-secrets

Source project: https://github.com/external-secrets/external-secrets
Source chart: https://github.com/external-secrets/external-secrets/tree/main/deploy/charts/external-secrets
Usage Docs: https://external-secrets.io/v0.4.4/

EKS Kubernetes v1.19+

## Useful guides
Getting the IAM policies and trust relationships to all align up is tricky.  If something is not set correctly like
the name is off in one of the place, the entire sequence of chained identity fails and it is hard to figure out where
exactly.  You can guess and see if it is something obvious but if it is not, then you should just follow each of the
resources through to make sure everything is setup correctly.

Here is the doc on how to setup IAM for ServiceAccounts: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html

At the bottom of this doc it will link to how to create each of the items.  Following each one through to make sure these
items exist and the names all match up is critical for this entire setup.

Commit message:

Refactoring to move the service account into the secret store from the external-secrets install

terraform-modules/azure/kubernetes/external-secrets/README.md, after:

#  kubernetes-external-secrets

Source project: https://github.com/external-secrets/external-secrets
Source chart: https://github.com/external-secrets/external-secrets/tree/main/deploy/charts/external-secrets
Usage Docs: https://external-secrets.io/v0.6.1


## Useful guides

The following guides were used to develop the Azure Workload Identity setup here for external-dns

### End to end Azure setup (general)
Doc: https://dev.to/maxx_don/implement-azure-ad-workload-identity-on-aks-with-terraform-3oho

This is a very good guide for a general Azure Workload Identity setup.  While it doesnt talk
about external-dns it does walk you through all of the steps necessary to get the Workload
Identity working with Terraform and in your Pod.

### End to end Azure Setup (external-dns specific)
Doc: https://external-secrets.io/v0.6.1/provider/azure-key-vault/#workload-identity

While this doc does most of it via CLI.  This is a useful guide on all of the steps needed
to implement the Azure Workload Identity method (which is the recommended method).

## Setup

### (1) Setup an Azure Vault instance
There is an Azure Vault module in the main `azure` folder here or if you already have one, you can use
that.

### (2) Install the external DNS Helm Chart
