terraform-modules/aws/vpc/README.md, before:

## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_vpc"></a> [vpc](#module\_vpc) | terraform-aws-modules/vpc/aws | 3.2.0 |

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_aws_region"></a> [aws\_region](#input\_aws\_region) | n/a | `string` | `"us-east-1"` | no |
| <a name="input_azs"></a> [azs](#input\_azs) | n/a | `list(any)` | <pre>[<br>  "us-east-1a",<br>  "us-east-1b",<br>  "us-east-1c"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#input\_cluster\_name) | The cluster name for the Kubernetes tags on the subnets | `string` | `"none"` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_dns_hostnames"></a> [enable\_dns\_hostnames](#input\_enable\_dns\_hostnames) | Enable dns hostname resolution | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_dns_support"></a> [enable\_dns\_support](#input\_enable\_dns\_support) | Enable dns support | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_nat_gateway"></a> [enable\_nat\_gateway](#input\_enable\_nat\_gateway) | n/a | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_vpn_gateway"></a> [enable\_vpn\_gateway](#input\_enable\_vpn\_gateway) | n/a | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_environment_name"></a> [environment\_name](#input\_environment\_name) | n/a | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_external_nat_ip_ids"></a> [external\_nat\_ip\_ids](#input\_external\_nat\_ip\_ids) | List of EIP IDs to be assigned to the NAT Gateways (used in combination with reuse\_nat\_ips) | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_k8s_worker_subnets"></a> [k8s\_worker\_subnets](#input\_k8s\_worker\_subnets) | list of alternate secondary cidrs for kubernetes workers | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "100.64.0.0/20",<br>  "100.64.16.0/20",<br>  "100.64.32.0/20"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_private_subnets"></a> [private\_subnets](#input\_private\_subnets) | n/a | `list(any)` | <pre>[<br>  "10.0.1.0/24",<br>  "10.0.2.0/24",<br>  "10.0.3.0/24"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_public_subnets"></a> [public\_subnets](#input\_public\_subnets) | n/a | `list(any)` | <pre>[<br>  "10.0.101.0/24",<br>  "10.0.102.0/24",<br>  "10.0.103.0/24"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_reuse_nat_ips"></a> [reuse\_nat\_ips](#input\_reuse\_nat\_ips) | Should be true if you don't want EIPs to be created for your NAT Gateways and will instead pass them in via the 'external\_nat\_ip\_ids' variable | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_secondary_cidrs"></a> [secondary\_cidrs](#input\_secondary\_cidrs) | optional list of secondary cidr blocks | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "100.64.0.0/16"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | n/a | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_cidr"></a> [vpc\_cidr](#input\_vpc\_cidr) | n/a | `any` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_k8s_subnets"></a> [k8s\_subnets](#output\_k8s\_subnets) | A list of private k8s subnets |
| <a name="output_private_subnets"></a> [private\_subnets](#output\_private\_subnets) | A list of private subnets |
| <a name="output_public_subnets"></a> [public\_subnets](#output\_public\_subnets) | A list of public subnets |
| <a name="output_vpc_cidr_block"></a> [vpc\_cidr\_block](#output\_vpc\_cidr\_block) | The CIDR block of the VPC |
| <a name="output_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#output\_vpc\_id) | The ID of the VPC |

Commit message:

map_public_ip_on_launch new var

terraform-modules/aws/vpc/README.md, after:

## Requirements

No requirements.

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_vpc"></a> [vpc](#module\_vpc) | terraform-aws-modules/vpc/aws | 5.0.0 |

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_aws_region"></a> [aws\_region](#input\_aws\_region) | n/a | `string` | `"us-east-1"` | no |
| <a name="input_azs"></a> [azs](#input\_azs) | n/a | `list(any)` | <pre>[<br>  "us-east-1a",<br>  "us-east-1b",<br>  "us-east-1c"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#input\_cluster\_name) | The cluster name for the Kubernetes tags on the subnets | `string` | `"none"` | no |
| <a name="input_default_security_group_egress"></a> [default\_security\_group\_egress](#input\_default\_security\_group\_egress) | List of maps of egress rules to set on the default security group | `list(map(string))` | <pre>[<br>  {<br>    "cidr_blocks": "10.0.0.0/8",<br>    "description": "rfc1918: Private Address Space",<br>    "from_port": 0,<br>    "protocol": "-1",<br>    "self": false,<br>    "to_port": 0<br>  },<br>  {<br>    "cidr_blocks": "172.16.0.0/12",<br>    "description": "rfc1918: Private Address Space",<br>    "from_port": 0,<br>    "protocol": "-1",<br>    "self": false,<br>    "to_port": 0<br>  },<br>  {<br>    "cidr_blocks": "192.168.0.0/16",<br>    "description": "rfc1918: Private Address Space",<br>    "from_port": 0,<br>    "protocol": "-1",<br>    "self": false,<br>    "to_port": 0<br>  },<br>  {<br>    "cidr_blocks": "100.64.0.0/10",<br>    "description": "rfc6598: Private Address Space",<br>    "from_port": 0,<br>    "protocol": "-1",<br>    "self": false,<br>    "to_port": 0<br>  }<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_default_security_group_ingress"></a> [default\_security\_group\_ingress](#input\_default\_security\_group\_ingress) | List of maps of ingress rules to set on the default security group | `list(map(string))` | <pre>[<br>  {<br>    "cidr_blocks": "10.0.0.0/8",<br>    "description": "rfc1918: Private Address Space",<br>    "from_port": 0,<br>    "protocol": "-1",<br>    "self": false,<br>    "to_port": 0<br>  },<br>  {<br>    "cidr_blocks": "172.16.0.0/12",<br>    "description": "rfc1918: Private Address Space",<br>    "from_port": 0,<br>    "protocol": "-1",<br>    "self": false,<br>    "to_port": 0<br>  },<br>  {<br>    "cidr_blocks": "192.168.0.0/16",<br>    "description": "rfc1918: Private Address Space",<br>    "from_port": 0,<br>    "protocol": "-1",<br>    "self": false,<br>    "to_port": 0<br>  },<br>  {<br>    "cidr_blocks": "100.64.0.0/10",<br>    "description": "rfc6598: Private Address Space",<br>    "from_port": 0,<br>    "protocol": "-1",<br>    "self": false,<br>    "to_port": 0<br>  }<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_default_security_group_name"></a> [default\_security\_group\_name](#input\_default\_security\_group\_name) | Name to be used on the default security group | `string` | `"default"` | no |
| <a name="input_default_security_group_tags"></a> [default\_security\_group\_tags](#input\_default\_security\_group\_tags) | Additional tags for the default security group | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_dns_hostnames"></a> [enable\_dns\_hostnames](#input\_enable\_dns\_hostnames) | Enable dns hostname resolution | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_dns_support"></a> [enable\_dns\_support](#input\_enable\_dns\_support) | Enable dns support | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_nat_gateway"></a> [enable\_nat\_gateway](#input\_enable\_nat\_gateway) | n/a | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_vpn_gateway"></a> [enable\_vpn\_gateway](#input\_enable\_vpn\_gateway) | n/a | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_environment_name"></a> [environment\_name](#input\_environment\_name) | n/a | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_external_nat_ip_ids"></a> [external\_nat\_ip\_ids](#input\_external\_nat\_ip\_ids) | List of EIP IDs to be assigned to the NAT Gateways (used in combination with reuse\_nat\_ips) | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_k8s_worker_subnets"></a> [k8s\_worker\_subnets](#input\_k8s\_worker\_subnets) | list of alternate secondary cidrs for kubernetes workers | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "100.64.0.0/20",<br>  "100.64.16.0/20",<br>  "100.64.32.0/20"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_manage_default_security_group"></a> [manage\_default\_security\_group](#input\_manage\_default\_security\_group) | Should be true to adopt and manage default security group | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_map_public_ip_on_launch"></a> [map\_public\_ip\_on\_launch](#input\_map\_public\_ip\_on\_launch) | Specify true to indicate that instances launched into the subnet should be assigned a public IP address. Default is `false` | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_private_subnets"></a> [private\_subnets](#input\_private\_subnets) | n/a | `list(any)` | <pre>[<br>  "10.0.1.0/24",<br>  "10.0.2.0/24",<br>  "10.0.3.0/24"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_public_subnets"></a> [public\_subnets](#input\_public\_subnets) | n/a | `list(any)` | <pre>[<br>  "10.0.101.0/24",<br>  "10.0.102.0/24",<br>  "10.0.103.0/24"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_reuse_nat_ips"></a> [reuse\_nat\_ips](#input\_reuse\_nat\_ips) | Should be true if you don't want EIPs to be created for your NAT Gateways and will instead pass them in via the 'external\_nat\_ip\_ids' variable | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_secondary_cidrs"></a> [secondary\_cidrs](#input\_secondary\_cidrs) | optional list of secondary cidr blocks | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "100.64.0.0/16"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | n/a | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_cidr"></a> [vpc\_cidr](#input\_vpc\_cidr) | n/a | `any` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_k8s_subnets"></a> [k8s\_subnets](#output\_k8s\_subnets) | A list of private k8s subnets |
| <a name="output_private_route_table_ids"></a> [private\_route\_table\_ids](#output\_private\_route\_table\_ids) | A list of route table ids for private subnets |
| <a name="output_private_subnets"></a> [private\_subnets](#output\_private\_subnets) | A list of private subnets |
| <a name="output_public_route_table_ids"></a> [public\_route\_table\_ids](#output\_public\_route\_table\_ids) | A list of route table ids for public subnets |
| <a name="output_public_subnets"></a> [public\_subnets](#output\_public\_subnets) | A list of public subnets |
| <a name="output_vpc_cidr_block"></a> [vpc\_cidr\_block](#output\_vpc\_cidr\_block) | The CIDR block of the VPC |
| <a name="output_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#output\_vpc\_id) | The ID of the VPC |
| <a name="output_vpc_name"></a> [vpc\_name](#output\_vpc\_name) | name of vpc |
| <a name="output_vpc_secondary_cidr_blocks"></a> [vpc\_secondary\_cidr\_blocks](#output\_vpc\_secondary\_cidr\_blocks) | List of secondary CIDR blocks of the VPC |
